complete das-core specs (#5)
GaAstDev/consensus-specs: specs/fulu/validator.md

attached to the node. Any node with at least one validator attached, and with the sum of the
balances of all attached validators being `total_node_balance`, downloads and custodies
`total_node_balance // BALANCE_PER_ADDITIONAL_CUSTODY_GROUP` custody groups per slot, with a minimum
of `VALIDATOR_CUSTODY_REQUIREMENT` and of course a maximum of `NUMBER_OF_CUSTODY_GROUPS`. 

> Note that the node required to automatically detect the custody groups based on any attached validators, without any input from the user.

Reviewer: i'd move part of the intent here below, and just say something like this here:
```suggestion
The node MUST dynamically adjust its custody groups following any changes to the balances of attached validators.
```

this minimum. As with the regular custody requirement, a node MUST backfill columns when syncing. In
addition, when the validator custody requirement increases, due to an increase in the total balance
of the attached validators, a node MUST backfill columns from the new custody groups. However, a
node *may* wait to advertise a higher custody in its Metadata and ENR until backfilling is complete. 

> Finally, the node is expected to respond to changes in the amount of stake associated with any of the 
> attached validators without a user input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

*NOTE*: A node SHOULD manage validator custody (and any changes during its lifetime) without any input from the user, for example by using existing signals about validator metadata to compute the required custory.
```
